What's up, family? I hope you all are doing well and above the swell. And today, I want to talk about power. Power.
If you've been following us, you know that we've been following the story of Jesus up until the time he ascended into heaven and left the gift for the disciples.
Do you remember what that gift was?
That's right. The disciples received the Holy Spirit as a gift of God's grace so they can continue the mission of Jesus Christ. And what was that mission you might ask?
19. Matthew 28 verses 18 through 20 says, Jesus came and told his disciples, I have been given all authority in heaven and on earth. Therefore,
Therefore, go and make disciples of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. Teach these new disciples to obey all the
all the commands I have given you and be sure of this I am with you always even to the end of the age
Let's check out our key scripture for today in Acts chapter 2 verses 1 through 4.
It says, "On the day of Pentecost, all the believers were meeting together in one place. Suddenly, there was a sound from heaven like the roaring of a mighty windstorm in a
And it filled the house where they were sitting. Then it looked like flames or tongues of fire appeared and settled on each of them, and everyone present was filled with the Holy Spirit.
Spirit and began speaking in other languages as the Holy Spirit gave them this visibility.
Tones of fire
Hey.
Oh, see my tongue.
The pretty dull thing to note is that on the day that the disciples received the holy spirit is called pentecost and not only did they receive the holy spirit but this is also the first
The first time that there was a unified gathering that we called church together.
Right after the disciples received the Holy Spirit they went outside in the crowd and they were talking with these tongues these different tongues and the people in the crowd that did not receive the Holy Spirit
See if the holy spirit were like yo
Y'all are drunk.
We don't understand. But before they came to that conclusion, Peter stepped in and gave a phenomenal serving. He preached to that crowd. He preached so well. He was filled with
I feel with the Holy Spirit that their hearts were pierced. Those people who do not believe their hearts were pierced. And they were like, yo.
What do we need to do?
You've convinced us so much that we believe that it was a miracle, an act of grace that God gave and sent through all of you.
How do we transform ourselves? How do we be transformed? Peter, like a G, replied and he was like, hey, you guys need to repent of your sins and accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior.
Lord and Savior. And it's at that point that you'll receive the Holy Spirit. Amen.
So
What does any of this have to do with power? Well you see the power that was given to us was the power of the Holy Spirit and the way that we receive that Spirit is by surrendering our
Entering ourselves to Jesus Christ, right? We have to recognize our weakness and surrender to God. Say this with me real quick.
God wants to break us down
Tip it over, this is up. One more time. God wants to break us down to build us up. If you remember before the disciples received the Holy Spirit, they were called to wait.
Wait. They were called to wait to receive the Holy Spirit, and the disciples did so. And there's power in that, you see. God needed to break them down so that he could fill them with the Holy Spirit.
the Holy Spirit and convict them of all their sins that they had going on so that he could then build them up. You see, this begins to make me think about working out, right?
Right.
If you want to get stronger, if you want to be strong, if you want to get powerful, right, you got to work out, you got to stop eating junk food, right? You got to stop being lazy.
And later you got to get the right amount of sleep. You got to commit yourself. You got to discipline yourself to get to the place where you want to be in that stronger and powerful where you seek help.
See, God uses that same formula for us when we accept him into our hearts. You see, the Holy Spirit breaks us down and then builds us up so that we're stronger and we can begin to
We begin to witness and testify and share our testimonies in hopes that it would build somebody else up. That's the point that we're trying to get here to people. God needs to break us down.
down so that he can build us up. So that's it guys. The bottom line is that God promises us power, right? When we are affected, when we're unified, right? When we've been built
Been broken down to be built up and go out and share our testimonies. Go out and witness to the rest of the world and hopefully baptizing them in the name of the Father.
the Son and the Holy Spirit guys if you're with me I love of you let's continue to spread this message that is all I got for today love
Peace and chicken grease